So what happened then?
Six months of rap and Rabbi Graf said, right, you can start coming to lessons.
So every Wednesday evening I drove down from Tonopandy, went to his home,
and he just started going to the scriptures and the festivals, set his homework every week.
We had to practice our Hebrew. We never learned to translate it, we just learned to read it.
I found it relatively easy because it's quite akin to Welsh.
And I did shorthand as well, and that was handy, you know, because with shorthand you leave vowels out and whatever.
So that came in handy really. So I took to it quite well.
Because you've been to college over here.
Yes.
So what did you do at college?
I did a secretarial course. So I studied law, English, shorthand, typing, and that was it.
Were you a Welsh speaker when you were younger?
No.
So was college the first time you did Welsh?
No, Welsh was in grammar school. I took Welsh for GCSEs.
Or O-Levels they were called, weren't they?
I mean, I had a smattering of Welsh, I had a background, I could read it.
I opened it up here, I could read it. I probably wouldn't be able to understand it, but I could read it.